CONFIDENTIAL LEGAL AGREEMENT

MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into as of July 4, 2023 (the "Effective Date"), by and between:

ACME TRANSLATIONS, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, with its principal place of business at 123 Main Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 ("Service Provider")

AND

GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LTD., a company organized and existing under the laws of the United Kingdom, with its registered office at 45 Oxford Street, London, W1D 2DZ, United Kingdom ("Client")

(each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").

WHEREAS, Service Provider is in the business of providing professional translation and localization services;

WHEREAS, Client desires to engage Service Provider to provide certain services in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

1. SERVICES

1.1 Service Provider shall provide to Client the services ("Services") described in one or more statements of work to be executed by the Parties (each, a "Statement of Work" or "SOW").

1.2 Each SOW shall include, at a minimum: (i) a description of the Services to be performed; (ii) the timeline for completion; (iii) the fees to be paid to Service Provider; (iv) source and target languages; (v) deliverable formats; and (vi) any other relevant terms and conditions.

1.3 In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any SOW, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail unless the SOW expressly states that a specific provision is intended to supersede this Agreement.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION

2.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided herein.

2.2 Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party provides written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term.

2.3 Either Party may terminate this Agreement or any SOW:
   (a) upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party in the event of a material breach by the other Party that remains uncured during such thirty (30) day period;
   (b) immediately upon written notice if the other Party becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

2.4 Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason:
   (a) Client shall pay Service Provider for all Services performed up to the effective date of termination;
   (b) Each Party shall return or destroy all Confidential Information of the other Party in its possession or control;
   (c) The provisions of Sections 4 (Intellectual Property), 5 (Confidentiality), 6 (Representations and Warranties), 7 (Limitation of Liability), and 9 (General Provisions) shall survive termination.

3. FEES AND PAYMENT

3.1 Client shall pay Service Provider the fees specified in each SOW.

3.2 Unless otherwise specified in an SOW, Service Provider shall invoice Client monthly for Services performed during the preceding month.

3.3 Client shall pay all undisputed amounts within thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice. Any amounts not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less.

3.4 All fees are exclusive of taxes, duties, or similar charges imposed by any government or governmental agency, all of which shall be paid by Client (other than taxes based on Service Provider's income).

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

4.1 Client shall retain all right, title, and interest in and to all materials provided by Client to Service Provider for use in providing the Services ("Client Materials").

4.2 Subject to Client's payment of all fees due under this Agreement, Service Provider hereby assigns to Client all right, title, and interest in and to the deliverables specified in each SOW ("Deliverables").

4.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Service Provider shall retain ownership of all methodologies, processes, techniques, ideas, concepts, trade secrets, and know-how that may be developed, conceived, or invented by Service Provider during the performance of the Services ("Service Provider IP"). Service Provider hereby grants to Client a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use the Service Provider IP solely to the extent necessary to use the Deliverables.

5. CONFIDENTIALITY

5.1 Each Party acknowledges that it may receive confidential or proprietary information ("Confidential Information") from the other Party in connection with this Agreement.

5.2 Each Party agrees to: (i) maintain the confidentiality of the other Party's Confidential Information; (ii) use such Confidential Information only for the purposes of this Agreement; and (iii) disclose such Confidential Information only to its employees, agents, and contractors who have a need to know such information and who are bound by confidentiality obligations no less restrictive than those contained herein.

5.3 The obligations in this Section 5 shall not apply to information that: (i) is or becomes publicly available through no fault of the receiving Party; (ii) was in the receiving Party's possession prior to receipt from the disclosing Party; (iii) is independently developed by the receiving Party without use of the disclosing Party's Confidential Information; or (iv) is rightfully obtained by the receiving Party from a third party without restriction on use or disclosure.

5.4 If the receiving Party is required by law or court order to disclose Confidential Information, it shall provide the disclosing Party with prompt written notice and cooperate with the disclosing Party to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy.

6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

6.1 Each Party represents and warrants that: (i) it has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; and (ii) its performance under this Agreement will not violate any applicable law or regulation or any agreement with a third party.

6.2 Service Provider represents and warrants that: (i) the Services will be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with industry standards; and (ii) to the best of its knowledge, the Deliverables will not infringe or misappropriate any third party's intellectual property rights.

6.3 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

7.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7.2 EACH PARTY'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY CLIENT TO SERVICE PROVIDER UNDER THE APPLICABLE SOW DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.

7.3 The limitations in this Section 7 shall not apply to: (i) breaches of Section 5 (Confidentiality); (ii) a Party's indemnification obligations; or (iii) a Party's gross negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud.

8. INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Service Provider shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Client from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to any claim that the Deliverables infringe or misappropriate any third party's intellectual property rights.

8.2 Client shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Service Provider from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to: (i) Client Materials; or (ii) Client's use of the Deliverables in a manner not authorized by this Agreement.

8.3 The indemnifying Party's obligations under this Section 8 are conditioned upon the indemnified Party: (i) promptly notifying the indemnifying Party in writing of the claim; (ii) giving the indemnifying Party sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim; and (iii) providing the indemnifying Party with all reasonable assistance, at the indemnifying Party's expense.

9. GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1 Independent Contractors. The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, or agency relationship between the Parties.

9.2 Assignment. Neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that either Party may assign this Agreement to a successor in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets.

9.3 Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performance due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, fire, flood, earthquake, labor disputes, utility or communication failures, Internet service provider failures or delays, denial of service attacks, war, terrorism, or governmental action.

9.4 Notice. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, by email (with confirmation of receipt), or by certified mail (return receipt requested) to the address specified by the recipient Party.

9.5 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

9.6 Dispute Resolution. Any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration conducted in San Francisco, California, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.

9.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with all SOWs, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter.

9.8 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by both Parties.

9.9 Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Party against whom the waiver is sought to be enforced. No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right under this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of that right.

9.10 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect, and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be reformed to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable while preserving its intent.

9.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ACME TRANSLATIONS, INC.

By: ________________________
Name: John Smith
Title: Chief Executive Officer

GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LTD.

By: ________________________
Name: Sarah Johnson
Title: Chief Operating Officer 